README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?font=Fira+Code&weight=600&size=28&pause=1000&color=2E9EF7&center=true&vCenter=true&width=600&lines=Hi+there+%F0%9F%91%8B+I'm+Kurt013;Welcome+to+my+GitHub+Profile!;Software+Developer+%7C+Tech+Enthusiast" alt="Typing SVG" />
</div>

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=Kurt013&color=blueviolet&style=flat-square&label=Profile+Views" alt="Profile Views" />
</div>

---

## 👨‍💻 About Me

I'm an aspiring software developer primarily focusing on full-stack web development aiming to solve and streamline business needs.

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack & Skills

<div align="center">

### Languages
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-ED8B00?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white)
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)

### Frameworks & Libraries
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)
![Vue.js]([http://img.shields.io/badge/Svelte-4A4A55?style=for-the-badge&logo=svelte](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vue.js-35495E?style=for-the-badge&logo=vuedotjs&logoColor=4FC08D)
![Flask](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flask-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=flask&logoColor=white)

### Databases
![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-4479A1?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)
![SQLite](https://img.shields.io/badge/SQLite-4169E1?logo=sqlite&logoColor=fff&style=plastic)

### Tools & Platforms
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-FCC624?style=for-the-badge&logo=linux&logoColor=black)
![VS Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/VS_Code-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=visualstudiocode&logoColor=white)

</div>

---

## 🤝 Connect With Me

<div align="center">
  
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/Kurt013)
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/kurt-vincent-almodovar-26b238307)
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:kurtvincentalmodovar65@gmail.com)
[![Portfolio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=About.me&logoColor=white)](https://kurt013.github.io)

</div>


---

<div align="center">

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Trilokia/Trilokia/379277808c61ef204768a61bbc5d25bc7798ccf1/bottom_header.svg" />

</div>

Commit message:

Revise README layout and enhance content
Updated the README to improve structure and content.

README.md, after:

## About Me

I'm a student software developer focused on building efficient, user-centered applications.  
Eager to learn and grow, I explore Figma-to-development workflows and ways to enhance user experience in web applications.

---

## Tech Stack & Skills

<div align="center">

### Languages
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-ED8B00?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white)
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)

### Frameworks & Libraries
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)
![Vue.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vue.js-35495E?style=for-the-badge&logo=vuedotjs&logoColor=4FC08D)
![Flask](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flask-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=flask&logoColor=white)

### Databases
![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-4479A1?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)
![SQLite](https://img.shields.io/badge/SQLite-07405E?style=for-the-badge&logo=sqlite&logoColor=white)

### Tools & Platforms
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/Figma-F24E1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white)
![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-FCC624?style=for-the-badge&logo=linux&logoColor=black)
![VS Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/VS_Code-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=visualstudiocode&logoColor=white)

</div>

---

## Connect With Me

<div align="center">
  
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/Kurt013)
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/kurt-vincent-almodovar-26b238307)
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:kurtvincentalmodovar65@gmail.com)
[![Portfolio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=About.me&logoColor=white)](https://kurt013.github.io)

</div>
